Document node.setonerror() (#3399)
nodemcu/nodemcu-firmware: docs/modules/node.md

node.setcpufreq(node.CPU80MHZ)
```

## node.setonerror()

> Use this to override the default "always restart" action if wanted; for example to write an error to a logfile or to a network syslog before restarting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides the default crash handling which always restarts the system; Can be used to write an error to a logfile or to secure connected hardware before restarting.
```

Should be in the style of the rest of the docs
